Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon again today.
Well, today I've had a lot of things on my heart to pray about.
And the Lord was talking about the wealth transfer a lot today.
And the enemy is trying to hold back our wealth transfer.
I'm just being real with y'all.
You know, it's like the Lord told me, he said, "This is Satan's wheelhouse, Brandon.
This is what he's an expert at, the finances of the world.
" And I'm telling you all that we've got to take our authority.
And there is a judge right now, Analisa Torres.
Let's pray for her today.
Let's pray for her because I believe this judge has a big key to part of the wealth transfer with the decisions that she's going to make in the days ahead.
The Lord showed me a certain cryptocurrency that's about to double.
He told me, he said, "Brandon, this is about to double.
You're about to see this thing double.
" So, we need to pray for Judge Torres to unblock the flow.
It's a kink in the hose.
And the Lord said, "Take authority over the demonic spirits that are trying to cause confusion in the camp concerning this certain cryptocurrency.
" So he said, "Pray about it.
Take our family here.
Pray over this because this is part of the wealth transfer and that it would be an unclogging of a flow going to the next level of what the Lord is wanting to do.
But there has to be some judgments and some things settled to bring some stability to what God's wanting to do.
So the enemy is trying to put a wall there to say, 'No, we're not allowing the kink to come out of the hose.
' So, you know, he works through personalities and people.
The devil does.
And people can just be innocent, but the enemy comes to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
So if he can come to try to block the flow of what God's doing, he'll do his best.
So knowing what the Lord told me today, that it's about to double, then triple, and do all these things, we want to pray that the kink comes out of the hose because we've waited long enough.
We're not going to stand for any judge, anybody to do it.
We're going to pray for them.
So we want them to make the right decision and we don't want to be bad influences on decisions, but we know what the enemy is trying to do because he spoke through so many prophetic voices saying that this is what God has for his people.
Then the three men that I saw that were blocking the dinar in Iraq—I'll just say that it was three crooked men blocking the exchange.
Now, this is another thing that the Lord has spoken to so many prophetic voices, saying that God was going to do something with that country and their currency.
And I think it's interesting, like I said, I see what the Lord shows me, and I hear in part, I see in part, and I see these principalities work through personalities.
So, he has the personality that's like, 'Okay, I'll listen to it.
' Just like how we yield to the Holy Spirit, and we go and pray for the sick, lay hands on people, and cast out devils, the devil uses people.
Just like how the Holy Spirit uses us to do things and help people out, right?
So it's just the same way.
It's the spirit realm on the good side and the spirit realm on the bad side.
So the devil works through people.
And so I believe the Lord is wanting to turn the faucet on full steam ahead.
But the Lord said, "I do nothing in this earth without first revealing it and speaking unto my prophetic voices.
" And just like it was with Abraham, he interceded on behalf of what was supposed to take place with Lot and all this, and you look at even with Noah warning the people.
So, I believe God is wanting to do this, but there are demonic hindrances.
And people say, "Isn't God all-powerful?
" Yes, I believe God is all-powerful, but he's working through people who have a free will.
He works through people who have a free will.
And ladies and gentlemen, he softens hearts and he hardens hearts.
But right now, when you're working with people who have a free will, you pray for the softness of their heart.
You pray for their heart to be softened towards the things of God.
Yes, because they're hardened.
Just like Pharaoh, the hardness of his heart caused the bondage.
And yes, it was that way because the Lord wanted it to be that way, because he said he hardened Pharaoh's heart.
But when the Lord comes to me specifically and says, "Brandon, pray.
Pray.
I work through you.
I work through you in this earth," pray for a softness over that judge's heart today to release the kink in the hose, and that the enemy is not able to stand in the way anymore concerning the wealth transfer.
Because so many people say, "Brandon, I thought you said we had a great window.
Where does the window start?
When does all this happen?
" Folks, you've got to pray.
We don't just lay down and go, "Well, it's all on you, God.
I'm taking my timeout, and I'm just waiting on you.
" We got Trump in there, and I am praying for him, too.
I'm tired.
It took a lot of work to pray all that away.
So, we're taking time right now.
He needs more prayer than ever before with the decisions he's making for this nation.
When I'm bringing things to you, I want you to know this is not like Kim Clement when he prophesied things; he was a prophet.
Now, I am a prophetic intercessor, and there's a big difference.
I believe a lot of the things the Lord shows me, we pray and we change things.
Now, some things he says, "Brandon, this is set in stone, and I want you to pray for the protection around the people.
I want you to pray for the finances to come forth with all the Holy Spirit's help.
" Nothing about you, Brandon.
Seriously, I mean, to even see what the channel's done at all for you—I mean, it's amazing, isn't it, Diana, to raise up a prayer army, that we stand strong in these last days, that we assemble ourselves together and take our authority over the demonic attacks?
Now, what are demonic attacks?
When the Lord told me, he said the birthing pains.
If you're praying about what you're seeing on the news, Brandon, it's already too late.
You need to be praying ahead of time.
"I'm going to show you," he said, "what's coming in the news in the days ahead.
You're going to know the news ahead of the news on this channel.
" So, we're going to pray, and God is going to reveal to us what's coming next.
We want CNN and Fox News to come here and get their news so they can give you the news.
They'll be over here going, "What's coming tomorrow in the news, or in a couple of weeks?
" So, we've got to be ahead of the news, because they're coming to the prophetic channel to hear what God's really doing in this earth, and they're going to be, "Hey, that was accurate.
Let's go over there and listen.
" So, we'll have a scoop on what's coming.
We should be living in the glory.
We should be the ones influencing the world.
The world shouldn't be influencing us.
We should be the trendsetters.
Jesus is cool.
The devil isn't cool; he's a loser.
He's been defeated.
We want to be the ones that people go, "You know what?
What is going on over there?
There's something different.
They know what's coming before it happens, and it's accurate.
They're not acting weird and flaky.
These people are actually praying and changing things.
" That's what I want to be—accurate and on fire for Jesus.
That's all that matters.
I talked to a dear sister in the Lord today on the phone, and I said, "None of this other crap matters.
It's all about getting people saved.
" And my opinion, making sure that you know that Jesus Christ is coming, making sure you understand that Jesus Christ is coming, is my mission.
Praying and changing things through prayer.
This is—the Bible said to watch the fig tree, and we're seeing the fig tree in motion right now with end-time events telling us to look up, for our redemption draws nigh.
I listened to Max, one of our big prayer warriors, and he said, "You know, every time I've told you all I've seen Jesus, and he's standing at the door, and he's looking up at the Father, and I said, 'What are you doing, Father?
' He said, 'I'm waiting on my Father's instructions to tell me to come and get you.
'" That's the kind of vision I'm having.
Well, Max sees Jesus, and he had a vision of praying a couple days ago, it sounded like.
And Jesus has his arms folded, and he said, "Jesus, what are you doing?
" He said, "I'm waiting.
" He goes, "Everything else is done.
I'm waiting on my Father to tell me to come and get you.
" And he was waiting on a bench with his arms folded just like this.
And he was sitting in Israel on a bench there in a vision at Magdala, this prayer place that they're building.
And Jesus said, "Everything is finished.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting on my Father's instructions to tell me to come and get you.
" That was the vision.
He said, "I've had 13 of those.
" Well, 13 visions in all, but five of that particular one.
And he said it started out that the sun was up, and then the sun kept going lower and lower, and the last one he had, it was dark.
It was dark, and Jesus was waiting.
But that was 10 years ago.
His first vision of that was 10 years ago.
And he said, "Now the last vision I had, Jesus was sitting on a bench, and he was waiting.
It was dark outside," and he said, "It's time for me to come.
" Do you remember I told you just a couple of days ago, maybe a week ago, Jesus was standing underneath the huppah waiting as a fire for his bride?
And I said, "If he's there, he's waiting as the groom, waiting on the bride, waiting for the bride to come down the aisle for the church.
" I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, praise God.
Even if it's five years from now, some people say, "Well, this pastor said 10 years.
This pastor said...
" I don't know.
All I know is even if it is 10 years, that is nothing on the scale of what I've been through in the last 20 or whatever.
It's been like that even this year.
We're halfway through this year almost.
I'm like, where did this year go?
We're almost halfway through.
We'll be at the first of the year before you blink twice.
That's how fast time has accelerated, and we see what's happening.
And I'm telling you, I believe what the Lord told me.
He said when he was standing there, "Brandon, I'm waiting on my people, the harvesters, to get busy and bring in the harvest.
As soon as you do this, I'm coming for you.
" And I thought, let's do this.
What are we doing?
That's why I sort of—and I don't want to come across critical towards a lot of other YouTube channels—and I said, if you're not giving altar calls on a consecutive basis telling people, or at least once a week or whatever, you're missing it.
What else are we doing, ladies and gentlemen?
Why do we even have YouTube channels?
I'm not here to entertain you.
I'm not here to tickle your ears to make you go, "Well, he's cool," or whatever.
Who cares about me?
We're here to tell you Jesus is coming.
And if you're not doing that, I say you're a false prophet, because you should be busy about doing the Father's business, telling people that he's coming and leading them to Christ, baptism in the Holy Ghost, laying hands on the sick, doing the Great Commission.
And that's why the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, it should not be abnormal to see the dead raised.
It should be the norm.
It should be the norm to see the dead raised.
It should be the norm to cast out devils.
It should be the norm.
" When I talked to a minister on the phone, he said, "I was on a major TV platform, a huge TV platform, and I was going to talk about the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and they told me, 'We don't want you talking about the baptism of the Holy Ghost on this TV platform.
'" And he goes, "Then why am I here?
" And I thought, "Surely that's not happening.
" But that's what I'm telling you.
Pools that used to be an oasis are drying up.
If you detach yourself from the vine, the living source, and you are a branch, it's going to die.
And many ministries have detached themselves from the main vine.
And they're going, "Well, we don't need the Holy Spirit anymore.
We don't want to pray in the Holy Spirit on our platform anymore.
We're a big TV station.
We're this, we're that.
And we don't want to pray on our platform in the Holy Ghost anymore because it's not seeker-friendly.
We're trying to stay seeker-friendly because we want to appeal to the masses.
" And I'm telling you, what used to be alive will become dead in the days ahead.
And you're going to go, "What happened?
" because they cut themselves off from the vine.
And the Lord told me, "You're going to see ministries that once were on fire and major in the last 10 years, 20 years, become a cesspool.
And you'll see the pride in their social media posts.
You'll see the arrogance upon which they display.
And it's about finances and trips and all the things that they're doing, and it has nothing to do with Jesus and him coming back.
" You're going to know the true prophetic voices and the true prophetic channels by what they say and how they're leading people to Christ because that's what's on the Father's heart, because they're staying on the vine.
And if you're not on the vine, you're worthless.
Nothing else matters other than to hear the heartbeat and the passion of what comes from him.
And that's saving the lost for Jesus.
And warning you to look at the fig tree.
They may bring in people every once in a while who are attached to the vine because they're trying to draw from their source because they've detached themselves, and they're like, "I know that's where we want to go, but I'm so blinded by Satan.
" And they've lost their way.
They've lost their way, that it became about funding—the Lord told me, he said, "Many of the ministries, it's about money now.
It's about money now.
They've become money-minded.
They're money-minded.
" And I want to get the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
Think about that.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
What makes—who is in right standing?
Who's on fire?
Who is filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost?
I don't want to give the finances to the one that is in bed with the world.
I want the ones that are sold out to me, my remnant.
And that's why I don't talk about a lot of things about crypto and all that stuff anymore.
He told me, he said, "I don't want you giving that anymore, Brandon.
That's to my remnant.
I'm tired of you giving what's holy to the people who want to trample it like casting your pearls before swine.
Their heart is not sold out to me.
They're sold out to the world, and they're serving the world with all they've got.
They're going down the wrong road.
He that has ears to hear what the Spirit is saying, hear them.
I'm trying to warn them right now.
I want to tell those things to the people who are listening at my feet, not to the people who visit maybe every couple of years or whatever and go, 'Hey, what's going on?
Fist bump.
You remember me?
How cool are we?
'" And he goes, "I don't know you.
" That's why he said, remember what he said in his word.
"You prophesied—I want you to hear me by the Spirit of the Lord right now.
I want you to hear me by the Spirit of the Lord—he said, 'You prophesied in my name.
You laid hands on the sick in my name.
You cast out devils in my name.
Depart from me, I never knew you.
'" That shows—I've said this before—that shows some spiritual oomph.
That shows some people who walked with a little bit of something because to cast out a devil takes something.
To raise the dead, to do those things takes some oomph.
But he said, "I didn't know you.
" What is that about?
It's spending time at his feet, like I'm trying to teach you all.
Spending time at his feet.
Just because you walk in an anointing at times doesn't mean you know him.
He'll use a donkey.
A display of an anointing doesn't mean that God knows you.
He's just trying to use that individual for that part-time to get what he needs done in the earth.
He used a donkey.
He used Judas.
How often did he use Judas?
For the three years Judas was there hanging out, being with Jesus, laying hands on the sick, casting devils out, doing all what the other disciples were doing, handling the money.
But yet, did he know?
Look what happened.
Your works don't save you.
Yeah.
It's not the works.
It was a relationship.
And even, "Will I betray you, Master?
" And look what happened to Judas.
Somebody who walked with him on a day-to-day basis for three years, saw all the miracles that Peter, James, John, all of them saw—the same miracles, the same things.
He was there.
And just because you walk with him there doesn't mean he knows you.
And it's very sad because look what happened.
He said it would have been better for him to have never been born.
Yeah.
It would have been better for him never to have been born than do what he did.
Folks, that's a scary thing that the Lord said directly to somebody who was in his inner circle, was walking with him as a disciple.
That's a scary thought, isn't it?
So, what I'm talking about is don't get a big head in the days ahead if you think, "Well, I'm being used, and I laid hands on a few sick people and they got healed.
" What you should be doing is sitting at his feet.
I don't want to be a vine.
I just heard this: a branch, Brandon, has life for a season off of the vine.
I just heard that by the spirit of the Lord.
It doesn't die immediately.
It takes time.
Death sets in.
Death sets in immediately, but it doesn't mean that it appears dead immediately.
Yeah.
It doesn't appear dead immediately.
I just heard that by the spirit of the Lord.
He said that.
He said, "Just because you're a branch that's been cut off, Brandon, doesn't mean you're able to...
You can fake it for so long.
" Yep, that's good.
That's a good word.
You can fake it for so long.
That's what I heard him say, that he just said that: "You can fake it for so long, Brandon.
" He said it very loud.
And there's a lot of fakers right now that have detached themselves from the main vine.
And you know how you know this?
Are they leading people to Jesus?
Is his heart being displayed from their to their heart, or are they living on yesterday's manna?
Are they saying a parroting word that he said a while ago?
Where's the urgency of the hour?
Where is the urgency of the hour?
You can spark something for so long, folks.
And eventually, you start to turn brown and yellow.
But I always want to be on that vine because that's where life is.
That's where life is.
And it's so important we stay on that vine day-to-day and checking your heart daily.
Check your heart.
That's why Paul said, "I die daily.
" Because he was checking his heart on a day-to-day basis.
Father, where are you at?
I want to make sure I'm right there touching you.
Not just...
I don't want to be five steps ahead of you.
I don't want to be five steps behind you.
I want to be like this.
Yeah.
Where's Jesus at?
My goodness.
I need to be right where he's at.
This is my guide.
You know, like for instance, you know what I'm saying?
What's going on?
I hear your breath.
I smell you.
What's going on?
If I can't smell you, I'm not close enough.
But people break themselves off that and they go, "I'm okay.
I got a little bit of something today.
" And you go, "Well, no, we want to be attached at the hip.
" So what's the Father's heart right now?
Souls, bringing in the wealth transfer, praying over President Trump to make the right decisions so he's not influenced by demonic stuff to get this Israel thing going because he said to watch the fig tree and Israel is a fig tree.
This is where we are right now.
And the great harvest of souls, the great last outpouring, praying for the revival, praying for these things, praying for America not to be attacked within.
He said, "Pray for the 14th through the 16th of July.
" Then he circled September and he said, "Do you see that dust on it?
Pray for this.
September is a big deal.
Pray for...
I saw dust over September.
I didn't know what that meant.
" And the but the whole month was...
and that was a high time we played around with it yesterday from Rosh Hashanah, whatever, Rosh Hashanah.
Yeah.
So nobody troll me for that.
It's right there again.
Here we go.
Rosh Hashanah.
There you are.
So that's what I'm talking about.
From that time to that time.
This is in more of an acceleration.
We're going to have an acceleration.
And that's what was amazing even yesterday in our prayer time.
He said, "The birthing pains are on top of each other now.
It's the point of no return.
There's no more time for an epidural.
You're going to experience the birthing pains back to back to back.
You're going to see the signs in the earth back to back to back to back.
" And I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I'm so excited.
Here we are.
The baby's coming.
" Yes.
It's exciting.
It's time to push.
Glory to God.
We will know them by their love and we will know them by the fruit.
An apple tree is an apple tree.
An orange tree is an orange tree.
You're going to know them by their fruit.
Who's really there and on fire and who's really...
you're in the days ahead when all poo hits the fan and all these things are going on around.
You're going to go, "Oh, I can see who's on fire and who used to be attached to the vine.
" Cuz you're going to go, "I need a real source of glory," versus the spoonful of sugar that they're going to try to feed you.
I want...
I need some meat up in here.
And we're going to have to...
We're going to have to learn how to stand on the word because you won't make it in the days ahead if you don't.
You're not going to.
And you've come to the right place because I am determined to stay on the vine.
I am determined.
We will.
As for me and my house, be attached to the vine.
I'm going to be that branch that goes, "Make me bigger.
" You know, all glory to Jesus.
The winds come and you just stay attached.
Yes.
You just clinging on to that vine.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love.
His wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus.
And tell of his wonderful love.
And tell of his love.
His wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
I love it.
It's beautiful.
It's time, folks, for he's coming.
Lord, we give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
I like, like I said, I always say I like those old songs.
We give all the glory to Jesus.
It's like he's changing me.
I know I sing the same songs over again, but I sing them all day long.
Paisley and I, we all in the car, we sing.
She loves that song.
"Changing me from glory to glory.
He's changing me, changing me, changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory.
He's changing me.
Changing me.
His likeness and image to perfecting in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
" For He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Dear Master, we love you.
Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
Heaven we're bound.
It is no secret what God can do.
What He's done for others, He'll do for you.
His arms wide open, He'll pardon you.
It is no secret what God can do.
I love that D.
What He's done for others, He'll do for you.
His arms wide open, He'll pardon you.
It is no secret what God can do.
And let me sing this last song.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous.
The change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the changed one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
Lord, we believe in You.
I believe in You.
And I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word says.
And we thank You, Lord, for all that You said You'd do, and all that You've already done.
You've been so good to us.
We pray for Judge Torres right now.
And we call softness on her heart.
We thank You, Lord, that what the devil means for bad to hold back the blessing and the kink in the hose.
We say, Satan, get your hands off of this influence in Jesus' name.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering against this woman.
We call a softening of her heart right now.
Any confusion over her mind, we pray over her mind in the name of Jesus that she's able to think and maneuver to do things uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And I call the kink in the hose to cease and desist in the name of Jesus.
I call a mighty hose, a fire hose, not just a little garden hose, a fire hose, a dump truck hose in the name of Jesus to flow in the end-time harvest money.
And the two of the three men that I saw over the CBI, I command you to release the money now in the name of Jesus.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering.
I plead the blood over these financial situations and I call the end-time harvest money to come forth now in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, the devil's not able to stand and hold it back anymore.
That we as the bride of Christ take our dominion and authority and we take what's out of the economy and we bring it into the world, into the spirit realm and for us and we say that is good measure pressed down, shaken together and running over will men give into our bosom.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You said You'd provide seed for the sower.
We call forth seed to transfer right now in the name of Jesus into our hands that we're able to produce the gospel throughout the whole world and You said then the end would come but we need the finances to get it done.
So we call the finances in right now in the name of Jesus for every believer who is a distribution center for the kingdom of God.
I say in the name of Jesus, your hands are overflow for everything you put your hands to will prosper in the name of Jesus.
We call some 30, some 60 and 100-fold.
And we call your hands to be in that hundredfold return ground.
That the sowers and the reaper are going hand in hand.
That there's no more delay.
We take authority over delay.
We say delay is over in the name of Jesus.
It's time for the rain.
It's beginning to rain.
It's beginning to rain on your sons and your daughters.
The outpouring of the spirit of the Lord is beginning to rain.
For the rain is happening in the natural and in the spiritual.
And it's time for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
All from sea to shining sea, all the way around the world and back again.
We call forth a mighty harvest.
We call forth the blinders to be off of their eyes in the name of Jesus.
That the blinders, Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we call those blinders off of their eyes.
And that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened in the name of Jesus.
That they would see what the hope of the calling is from the Lord.
That they would know what the scripture says and that it's time to be saved.
It's time to come to Jesus.
I thank You, Father, that You have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Every single person who is watching here today, You've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we believe for the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power is flowing out of us like a mighty river.
We're not just a little 'this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine,' but we're an inferno that people say they're a major forest fire for Jesus.
That we're not cut off from the vine.
That Father, that we are on that vine hearing what You say every day.
I thank You, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
For when the shaking comes, Father, we're not in the wrong place at the wrong time.
We're in the right place at the right time.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we're flowing with You, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
That's who we are.
We're daughters and sons of the most high God.
And some people say, 'Well, what about David?
I'm a female.
' It's not about gender.
We're rising up like Davids that were like bloodthirsty.
We're not letting anything hold us back.
Esthers, whatever you can, I'm talking about the spirit like David that you have a courageous...
you're courageous.
You're not afraid of the terror by night nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
That's what I'm talking about.
You walk through the valley of the shadow of death and we will fear no evil for He is with us.
His rod and His staff, they comfort, they protect us, and they pave a way for us.
They do all the things that we're supposed to.
He said He's the river of living water.
We need to rise up and be a backbone like a crowbar.
That's what I'm trying to talk about being a David.
It's not about gender.
It's not about being male versus female.
We're a body.
We're unit together, functioning as a body, not male or female, a body of Christ functioning like a body.
No race differences, whatever.
A body, not differences of belief system.
A body.
Well, you're Baptist, I'm Methodist, I'm...
No, we're a body.
And that's what He's...
I'm talking about unity in the body.
Changing us from glory to glory.
Allowing the Holy Spirit to wash us in that and staying underneath that river.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Yes.
We are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we rise up and we finish the work that You called us to do, doing mighty works.
And that when we get up before You, You don't say, 'Depart from me, I never knew you.
' You say, 'Enter into my rest.
Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
' Brandon, I'm so proud of you.
Good job.
Fist bump.
Let's go have a donut.
I don't know, I'm just saying, 'Hey, let's do something fun.
Glory to God.
It's time to be excited.
' Hey, I don't know about you, but He's...
we're going to have fun together.
Me and Him are going to...
we're going to have coffee and we're going to sit around and talk.
I expect we're going to have good talks on the patio of my house.
Me and Him.
We have eternity together.
You have to take your turn.
He's first with me.
I'm just expecting it's time to be busy about our Father's business.
I have anticipation to do great things for my King.
All giving all the glory to Jesus and tell of His love.
It's all giving all the glory to Him.
Yes.
Who cares about me?
It's not about making my name great.
It's about making his name great.
I'm an ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Names come and go, but Jesus reigns forever.
The name that is above every name.
The name that never dies.
His name will never lose its power.
It's Jesus.
You'll forget about Brandon even if I went off the internet in the next couple of months.
You'll go, "Yeah, I remember who he was.
" But you'll never forget about that name because his name has life.
His name has power.
Brandon's name is nothing but Jesus.
We give you all the glory.
Why?
Because he is the King of Kings.
He is the Lord of Lords.
Diana's name will be forgotten.
My name will be forgotten.
But Jesus' name will always be remembered throughout all eternity.
Why?
Because he's the only one that died and rose again, and he died for every single one of us.
He did it for all, he did it for every single one of us, and his name is above every name.
His name is higher than any other.
His name is Jesus.
His name is Lord.
Do you believe it?
That's why it's never going to lose its power, ladies and gentlemen.
Hallelujah.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the boldness of a lion.
Boldness like David, so that we don't shrink back in these last days.
We don't shrink back.
We're bold.
I pray boldness over people right now in the name of Jesus.
I pray boldness over people that you be bold.
We have courage.
We take courage today knowing that our redemption draws nigh.
We don't shrink back when times get hard.
We don't cower back when times get rough.
We take the hem of your garment, we take the giant's head, and we come after that giant and say, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that tried to defy the armies of the living God?
" We take that head of that giant and we say, "We've got a head.
We're not going to allow the devil to take us down.
We're going to go after the devil.
We're taking that head of that devil.
I'm not going to allow the devil to beat me down.
We're going to go after what God has told us.
" He said, "Take the land.
Take the land from me.
Tell my people I'm coming.
" And Lord, we do with all we've got, warning the people that you're truly coming, Father.
For they've heard it for so long, they say, and their ears become deaf to it.
But Father, we sound the alarm with all we have, telling them that we're running out of time.
Put a softness in their heart, yes.
And the people who are speaking for you, Father, we thank you, Lord, that they don't become a cesspool, that they stay on fire for Jesus in these last days, for it's all hands on deck.
And they turn from where they were.
They turn.
They're usable.
They were used before; let them be again.
Let them attach themselves back to that vine.
They attach themselves back to it, and they turn from their wicked ways.
They say, "I need you.
I was in error.
" And they repent and they get it right.
No one is too far gone for God to get out of the pit.
I don't care how bad it looks.
No one is too far gone.
I don't care how long they've even been.
That's why the Lord told me, "I want you to go back.
" I just heard him again.
He said, "Can these bones live?
" They've detached it.
So, they're a branch that was detached and dead.
And he said, "Can these bones live, Brandon?
Speak to the dry bones.
How did they get dry?
" They detached themselves.
"Speak to the bones, Brandon!
" he yelled so loud.
Can these bones live?
For the driest of the dry will become that living water again.
The former and the latter rain together.
I'm not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on me.
I hear the rain.
I hear it falling down on me.
I feel the rain.
I feel it falling down on me.
The former and the latter rain together.
I'm not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on me.
I feel the rain.
That's what we got to do.
We got to get back underneath it.
I feel it falling down on me.
I feel the rain.
Hallelujah.
I feel it falling down on me.
The former and the latter rain together.
I'm not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on me.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You see, can these bones live?
Yes, they can.
We call all the dry ones to be on fire again.
We call a stirring within.
It's an all hands on deck, Father, that it's time to turn it around.
Those that were off the branch, off the vine, with the branch dry, Father, they're turning around.
I thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for your blood.
We thank you, Lord, for every single person here, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
And the retaliations that I've seen coming against this great nation, Father, they will not touch us in any way.
You said a great shaking was coming, and I want your will, Father.
I know the shaking is to awaken the people, for they're asleep, but Father, the calamity and the things, Father, I thank you that we're always in the right place at the right time.
From sea to shining sea, we're in the right place at the right time.
And the people will wake up.
They will wake up, Father, for there's urgency in the hour in the days ahead.
There's urgency in the hour in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn it.
And I pray over President Trump right now.
And I pray wisdom over him and the cabinet that's around him, the people that are around him that are influencing him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he puts godly influence around him, that he hears you, Father, and a stranger's voice he will not follow.
We pray over his mind.
We pray over his spirit.
We pray over him.
We undergird him in the name of Jesus, that he has godly counsel all around him in Jesus' name, and that he is not doing things by his emotions.
He's not led by his emotions.
He's led by the spirit of God.
For those that are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are led by the spirit of God because we're your sons and daughters.
We thank you, Lord, that Trump is led by the spirit of God, for he's been appointed for such a time as this.
I believe it.
And over Bibi.
And we ask you, Father, that you would intervene even for the people of Israel, Father.
If he's having bad counsel, if there's a reprobate mind on even Bibi, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you raise up these two men to make godly decisions, and they may not even know it.
Holy Ghost minds, Holy Ghost mindset.
We pray a peace that passes all understanding over this nation.
And we thank you, Lord.
We inquire of the Lord, that they inquire just like David, just like the kings in the Old Testament inquired of the Lord, just like David did.
And every king that did that was successful, and the ones that didn't were in trouble.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that our president inquires of the Lord, that he would humble himself and pray and turn from his wicked ways.
And then he said he would heal our land and we would hear from heaven.
I thank you, Father, that he inquires of the Lord.
He inquires of you, Father, and says, "What should I do?
" And even if he doesn't know how to hear you clearly, Father, he would have a dream and you would speak so loud he would go, "I know that's the spirit of the Lord speaking to me, and I'm doing it.
" There's no confusion.
Even Nebuchadnezzar had a dream and he was not godly in the beginning, and after Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, he turned to God.
So we thank you Lord for putting Holy Ghost prophetic voices around him, surrounding him with prophetic voices that are accurate like Daniel, and that are not there to exalt themselves or their name.
No, but are they there to glorify the king?
Yes, to glorify the king.
We call forth godly people that are not there for a platform, that are raised up to influence, just like Esthers that go to the king on behalf of the Jewish people.
Yes, I thank you, Father, that you're raising up people that are not there for publicity or clout, but are there for being sold out for Jesus, to be advisors of spiritual warfare, and they're just hiding in the background.
They're saying, "I don't want to be on TV.
I don't want to be my name in lights.
It's not about that.
It's about Jesus.
" We give all the glory to Jesus.
All this other stuff don't matter.
Social media hype, all this stuff, who cares?
I want to give Jesus.
It's about your name.
And Father, I think you there's people like that with character around him.
Character around him.
Prophetic voices with character.
Yes, that have high that are promoted to high positions.
Yes, just like it was with Joseph.
He was in the dungeon.
He was in the prison.
And they come up out of nothing and they go, "Who is this?
Who is this person?
" It may not even be a person that's on TV or have a huge platform right now.
They just are there because Jesus put them there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, and they're not intimidated by the office of who he is.
They speak what God says to speak with boldness and with accuracy, backbones like a crowbar.
Yep.
We thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, for raising up men and women that have a backbone like a crowbar.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you protect our president today.
You protect Melania.
You protect the kids.
You protect his assets, his buildings, all this stuff as he's doing what he's doing.
And we thank you that there's revival over the people of Iran, and that they would have amazing an amazing revival, and Jesus, they would be able to worship freely and not be bound up by religion and have to be scared and intimidated by Muhammad and all the demonic strongholds that are around that nation, that they would be able to hear the good news of the gospel for Father, even they need to be reached before the end comes.
And we call a mighty revival all throughout Iran in the name of Jesus.
We call a mighty revival all throughout Iran in the name of Jesus.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say that a mighty rushing wind of the Holy Ghost would flood Iran, even the people of Iran.
The Lord has not forgotten the people of Iran, and he even wants to bring a great revival to Iran and Pakistan, but there has to be a shaking in this regime for him to get this done.
I hear him say, for there is a greater plan here afoot that you don't see, for I am bringing a great revival even in Iran, and things had to be dealt with to bring down authoritative regimes that were bringing a hindrance to my word being preached throughout Iran and around the surrounding areas, and there were people that have to be dethroned.
And yet you see it and this is my hand in it, for a great revival will happen even in Iran and the surrounding areas, for I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, and you will see a revival break out in Iran in the days ahead, and there will be a great freedom of worship, for there will be a window of opportunity for a window of opportunity, and this will happen in Yemen, open all throughout all these areas.
And I even see a shaking coming to Afghanistan for the people of Afghanistan.
A shaking in these areas, a shaking for where we see the head of the snake is being eliminated right now, one of the major snakes of blockage, and this is the same thing he wants to do with North Korea, with Kim.
I'm seeing it by the spirit of God.
He wants to bring liberty that they were able to move throughout there without having liberation, without persecution, so that the gospel will be preached throughout all the world and then the end shall come.
And this is a major piece in that puzzle.
He says, "I'm bringing a freedom of being able to preach my gospel throughout there without having pressure from that regime.
" He's shaking things.
He's shaking things.
This is bigger than a war between Islam and the Jews.
You see, there's something bigger here.
He says that afoot.
There's something.
He said, "You need to raise your eyes higher.
You need to think higher.
" I just heard the Lord say this.
I see the glory in the streets.
I see women with the black scarfs on their head, that dress on their head all the way down.
I see them crying in the streets.
The streets are very dirty.
What I'm seeing right now, it's like a market area.
It's like a market area, and I see these people like an open market.
What is that?
Like you buy groceries and fruits and stuff there.
There'll be resistance.
There'll be resistance, but my church will rise up.
Do you see?
They're giving him one last call.
Even there, he's giving him one last.
That's his mercy.
It's his mercy.
He's bringing shaking to awaken.
He's removing things and giving windows for the church there to do what they're called to do.
There'll be hindrances because the Muslim faith is very strong, but the glory is coming.
The glory is coming, backing of the glory.
A backing of the glory, backing like the waves of the glory on the streets.
Do you see?
My goodness God of revival in Pakistan.
A revival in these areas.
A revival.
Shaking.
Level.
I don't know if it is so oppressive in Iran.
I'm not really sure.
I don't know about Christians.
I'm sure it is, but I'm just saying for there's major shaking happening.
There's major shaking happening.
People want to rebel, but they're scared against the way the oppression is.
Like we like they don't.
It's like North Korea.
They're scared.
They don't come against the regime.
They do as they're told.
It's bondage.
He said, "There are people that are in a prison.
" And he wants to set the captives free.
It's people that are bound in the prison of all this.
Even like Paul and Silas whenever they had to shake the earthquake came and shook the chain the gel.
And then that got their attention to say, "What must I do to be saved?
" There has to be a shaking to awaken even in Iran, and I'm telling you, he's given one last call.
This is a worldwide call.
Shaking is coming everywhere.
He doesn't want those are his he said those are my kids.
Those are my children.
Jew and Gentile, all of them.
He loves all of us.
It's amazing how he loves every single one of us, ladies and gentlemen.
Every race, every tribe, every tongue.
He wants not one of us should perish.
It will well they're Muslim.
No, he loves them all.
My goodness.
The Buddhist, the Muslims, the Hindu people, all of them.
He wants them all.
Not one should perish.
All of them.
His kids.
The Buddhist monks, all of them.
It's so easy to separate people and say, "Well, they they want death to America.
They want all this stuff.
" And we push them away because what they say, "Well, we're they they're they're kind of crazy because they want to kill people, you know, nukes and stuff and all that.
" But it's not them.
It's the demonic spirit behind it.
But then the Lord says to me, "I even want them.
I want all of them.
I want I want I don't want anybody to die and go to hell, Brandon.
You understand?
I'm bringing liberation.
I'm bringing this because I want a revival.
Even in that culture, they're blinded.
Satan has blinded them.
They're your brothers.
They're your sisters.
And I just go, "Oh, yeah.
Duh.
You're not better than them.
You may know Jesus and you may have a revelation of who he is, but they but he loves them too.
Red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
From the islands all around, tribal people, Aborigines, the tribal people, all of it—he loves every one of us.
Not one is better, not one is more important.
All of us are precious in his sight.
People divide.
And you think, "Well, of course, we're Christians, we're better.
" No, love never fails.
Love.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, in closing this.
We're so thankful, Father, for what you're doing in Iran.
We thank you for our president.
We thank you for this day, and we thank you for getting the kink out of the hose, Father, concerning the judges and all the things that we need to do.
And we praise you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
We give you all the praise, honor, and glory in Jesus' name.
Well, I thank you for joining me today.
We're so grateful.
Diana and I are so grateful.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
And people say, "What?
" I want to address this.
If Diana is looking at her phone, she's not playing on the internet.
She's taking notes.
Yes, she's taking notes, and she listens to what I say because I always go back and reference it later.
So, when we have these prayer times, Diana's taking notes.
She's not over here looking at Facebook.
People are asking, "Brandon Diana's being disrespectful because she's looking at Facebook.
" She's not looking at Facebook.
No, I need you to know that my wife is not playing on Instagram.
My wife is looking, and I know that, but people comment.
People don't know, and so I'm trying to tell you my wife is taking notes.
Not that it's any of your business, but it needs to be said.
So my sweetheart is over here helping me.
You judge too quickly, and they judge harshly.
People judge very harshly, and they're like, "Well, she's over there.
She doesn't care about prayer.
" And I'm like, you don't know her.
She has more spiritual bone in her back than a lot of people ever think about.
I'm telling you, this woman is on fire for God, and I am grateful to have her.
Yes, we are a team, this house, trying to push and get this done so we can fulfill his purpose and his plan for our lives.
I'm excited to be a part.
It's like we're living.
She has a heart of gold, beautiful woman inside and out.
And I'm very thankful that you're here with me.
And I say I want to come across always...
when people pick at you, I want to beat them up because I'm like, "Oh no, you don't talk about my wife.
" But we walk in love, but I'm going to set them straight, you know, because you're my friend.
And it's like, "Don't talk about my friend.
" But I want you to know she's over here.
She's praying.
She is a spiritual woman over here.
I love you.
So, all right.
Well, let's end this thing.
We're so excited that you came today.
Please, if you're new here and you've never been to our YouTube channel, like and subscribe.
I know we're different, folks, but we love Jesus.
I know it's a little different than what you probably normally get, but this is what gets it done: prayer.
Prayer changes things.
And so this is our assignment, and we appreciate you being here.
We're raising up a big channel for Jesus that's all about Jesus.
Subscribe.
Click the notification bell, click the like button, do all that it takes to get our videos around the world so Jesus comes quicker.
I believe this is getting the gospel out.
I don't know.
I'm trying to do my part.
I'm just like, whatever we've got to do to do our part, even if it's just our little part over here.
Hey, many hands make light work.
Yeah, we're doing the best we can.
Honestly, I told her, I said, "Hey, we're doing something, though.
We're trying.
Even if it's not like a huge TV channel or whatever, we're doing something.
" So, we're excited that you're here.
We're all doing something together.
Thank you for praying with us.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.